feat(expressive modal): v1 & v2 guidance updates (#1731)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/expressive-modal.mdx

<Title>Use case</Title>

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

> ![Image of Expressive modal used in a login context](../../images/component/expressive-modal/expressive-modal-default--usecase.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of Expressive modal with heading and copy descriping the media](../../images/component/expressive-modal/expressive-modal-default--usecase.jpg)
```

Author: Done

</Column>
</Row>

## Behavior

### Centered in screen

Expressive Modal is standardized to appear in the center of the screen, with the dark overlay extending across the browser window.

### Overflow

When the modal content is longer than the modal height then the body section should scroll vertically.
The content should visibly fade at the end of the modal body area to indicate there is additional content out of view.
Modal content should never scroll horizontally; instead, use a larger size modal.

### Closing the modal

> Clicking on the close icon x or on the overlay will dismiss the modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the close button icon [ x ] or on the dark overlay will dismiss the modal.
```

Author: Done
